"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent." - Madeleine Albright
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them." - Maya Angelou
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Well-behaved women rarely make history." - Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"I want to do it because I want to do it." - Amelia Earhart
"In every crisis, there is a message. Crises are nature's way of forcing change - breaking down old structures, shaking loose negative habits so that something new and better can take their place." - Susan L. Taylor
"The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud." - Coco Chanel
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs (quoting his sister, Mona Simpson)
"I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship." - Louisa May Alcott
"If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman." - Margaret Thatcher
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker
"Challenges are what make life interesting, and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"Believe you can, and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that is changing quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg
"Do not bring people in your life who weigh you down. And trust your instincts — good relationships feel good. They feel right. They don’t hurt." - Oprah Winfrey
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." - Unknown
"You are your best thing." - Toni Morrison
"The question isn't who's going to let me, it's who's going to stop me." - Ayn Rand